# KickStarter
1.	Overview of Project: This project was to give understanding and suggestions to Louise, being able to determine when she should start her crowdfunding campaign for her new play “Fever”. She would estimate the budget to be around $10,00. The understandings and suggestions would be sourced from the Kickstarter dataset, which is accompanied by 4114 campaigns that were launched between 2009-2017, that’s shown 9 entertainment categories while focusing on the category “theaters.”
2.	
This analysis shows a dataset consisting of 4,144 Kickstarter campaigns ID, 41 subcategories, and 9 parent categories, data showing the goals of funding the campaign IDs, and the outcomes of funding “failed, success, cancel, etc.”. For this project, we’re focusing on the theater category, where we can observe the volume of failed, successful, and canceled theater campaigns each month and compare the outcome rate of these theaters throughout the months to get a clear understanding of which months has the most rate of success. One of the challenges I’ve encountered was understanding countifs and the sum. With a bit more research,ch I was able to complete Deliverable 2.

3.	The two conclusions I identified from Outcomes based on Launch Date were that a bar chart wouldn’t be able to capture the information in the same way, and December has less number of campaigns compared to the other months. What I could conclude about Outcomes Based on Goals could help us measure the mean and median of the failed and successful campaigns because we’re using a line chart of central tendency work. The limitations of this project were that there was no information on the age group, ethnicity, or cities that were being targeted.
Recommendations: Create a new column in the Kickstarter data to provide the total run time for each campaign in the theater category to meet. We could understand the average run time of failed and successful theater campaigns, which can educate Louise about the time she can wait for the campaign to meet her goals. For this recommendation, we could use a bar chart having each month on the X axis and money received from the campaign on the Y axis. This can help us understand which month can lead to the most success. 
